The global impact that I want to have is democratization through accessible and affordable technology and education.  

As a student who had worked on research problems in complex systems, I understand that the well-being of any individual is dependent on others in our hyperconnected and interdependent world. Any individual that does not have the fortune to live in a democratic country and have protected human rights can affect my well-being as well as the well-being of my descendants and other people who I care about. Given climate change that is accelerated by human endeavors, and that many people are being marginalized/discriminated for different reasons, if highly-skilled professionals do not cohesively work towards addressing such problems, we will start to lose our privileges. Also, our standard of living would decline as the world faces more disasters and climate-driven conflicts.   

By carrying out high-risk, high-reward transformative research on important problems that the world faces, we can eventually develop highly affordable and more accessible technologies that enable greater participation of marginalized people in their local economies and political systems. These technologies can also lead to the creation of new companies, market segments, markets, and industries. 

Specifically, I want to develop a design automation framework, and supporting software, for applications of Internet of Things (IoT) devices and networks in health care, agriculture, and disaster warning and recovery. I want to develop software that can enable the average college graduate in electrical engineering and computer science (EECS) to design IoT devices, and IoT networks, for such applications in a short time frame. 

After graduating with my engineering Ph.D. in the near future, regardless of whether I work as a professor in academia or as a research scientist in a corporate research laboratory or research institute, I plan to continue using my strong intercultural competence and global connections to broaden participation of professionals in technology, the economy, and political systems. My access to geographically distributed communities of accomplished professionals can facilitate such endeavors. I plan to use my listening skills and empathy to gain feedback from marginalized people and communities. Hopefully, with the help of people in my social network, we can show these people compassion by educating them to use design automation technologies to improve agricultural yield, provide better and cheaper health care, earlier warnings for disasters, and better disaster recovery.

By releasing design automation software that I (co-)develop as open source software, and publishing research papers on these technologies in top-tier EECS research conferences, we can facilitate the dissemination and adoption of such modern technologies. Online meetings and tutorials would also enable the adoption of these technologies. 

I strongly believe that I can make a significant global impact via the development of design automation software for energy-efficient, low-cost, adaptive, robust, and reliable IoT applications in health care, agriculture, and disaster warning and recovery.
